<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241007174241
&lt;ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME&gt;20241007174241
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241008
[undischarged, unpaid or unstayed] …se events of defaults include, among other things, (i) the Common Stock not being listed on an exchange such as the Nasdaq Capital Market and (ii) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money being entered by a court in an aggregate amount exceeding $10.0 million and such judgments remain undischarged, unpaid or unstayed for a period of 60 days. As described below under the risk factor titled “Our failure to meet the minimum bid price for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market could adversely affect our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock, and could …

[undischarged, unpaid or unstayed] …to challenge it (during which time the judgment and related awards are automatically stayed). However, if the Company does not timely appeal the judgment and awards, since they aggregate in excess of $10.0 million, they would constitute an event of default under the convertible notes if they remain undischarged, unpaid or unstayed for a period of 60 days following expiration of the 30-day appeal period. 14 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash or Common Stock, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business or have the ability to issue the necessary number of shares of Common Stock to pay our su…

[going concern] … sources of volatility on our operations, financial condition and the worldwide economy, including our ability to access the capital markets, ● increases in prices for raw materials, labor, and fuel caused by rising inflation, ● our inability to obtain adequate financing and sustain our status as a going concern, ● the results of our research and development (“R&D”) activities, ● our inability to achieve acceptance of our products in the market, ● general economic conditions, including upturns and downturns in the industry, ● existing or increased competition, ● our inability to successfully scale our New …

[going concern] …lthough, as of the date of this Report, the District Court has not entered a final judgment in respect of the jury verdict in the Qorvo Litigation, and Akoustis may elect to appeal such final judgment and the Awards, these matters raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we elect not to appeal an adverse final judgment or the Awards, or if we are unable to post an undertaking (such as an appeal bond) to enable us to do so, we will likely be forced to pursue a reorganization proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Except for the Company’s ATM Sa…

[Bankruptcy Code] …ally from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, ● if we are unable to arrange financing in the near term or timely appeal recent judgments and awards issued by the Delaware District Court, we may be forced to seek protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code; ● our limited operating history, ● our inability to generate revenues or achieve profitability, ● the impact of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, global pandemics such as COVID-19, and other sources of volatility on our operations, financial condition and the worldwide economy, includi…

[Bankruptcy Code] …Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we elect not to appeal an adverse final judgment or the Awards, or if we are unable to post an undertaking (such as an appeal bond) to enable us to do so, we will likely be forced to pursue a reorganization proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Except for the Company’s ATM Sales Agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, with respect to which the sales agents are under no obligation to sell any shares of Common Stock and the use of which may depend on market conditions, the Company has no commitments or…

[cash and cash equivalents of \$] …n January 2023. Note 2. Going Concern and Liquidity The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $ 24.4 million and working capital deficit of $ 46.3 million. In the absence of additional liquidity, the Company anticipates that its existing cash resources, with a continued focus on cash conservation, is sufficient to fund its operations into the third quarter of fiscal 2025. There is no assuranc…

[raw materials|suppliers? (of|for)] …or achieve profitability, ● the impact of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, global pandemics such as COVID-19, and other sources of volatility on our operations, financial condition and the worldwide economy, including our ability to access the capital markets, ● increases in prices for raw materials, labor, and fuel caused by rising inflation, ● our inability to obtain adequate financing and sustain our status as a going concern, ● the results of our research and development (“R&D”) activities, ● our inability to achieve acceptance of our products in the market, ● general economic conditions, …

[raw materials|suppliers? (of|for)] …red by a third party and sold either directly or through a sales distributor. Intellectual Property . As of September 1, 2024, our IP portfolio included 97 patents. Additionally, as of September 1, 2024, we have 31 pending patent applications. These patents cover our XBAW® RF filter technology from raw materials through the system architectures. Given the significance of the Company’s intellectual property to its business, the Company enforces its intellectual property rights and protects its patent portfolio, which may include filing lawsuits against companies that the Company believes are infringing upon…

[Tai-Saw] …onsistent with other semiconductor manufacturers, the Company may have to work with all its suppliers to ensure adequate supply of raw materials, process gases and metals as the Company ramps from R&D into high volume manufacturing. RFMi Supply Chain RFMi mainly relies on its contract manufacturer, Tai-Saw Technology Co., Ltd. (“TST”) to source raw materials, such as different chemicals and gases for front and back-end manufacturing, quartz, lithium tantalate and certain bonded wafers, metal targets, Xtal blanks, semiconductor IC’s, aluminum bonding wires and flip chip gold stub bump supplies, packag…

[purchase (obligations|commitments)] …or supply chain, including procuring necessary components and inputs, such as wafers and substrates, in a timely fashion, with suppliers increasing lead times or placing products on allocation and raising prices. We have also incurred higher costs to secure available inventory, or have extended our purchase commitments or placed non-cancellable orders with suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions are inaccurate. In addition, disruptions to commercial transportation infrastructure have increased delivery times for materials and components to our facilities and, in some cases, our…

[purchase (obligations|commitments)] …conductors, as well as the current and anticipated production of these products, we have sought to manage the impact of supply shortages though carefully maintaining and increasing key inventory levels. In some cases, we have incurred higher costs to secure available inventory, or have extended our purchase commitments or placed non-cancellable orders with suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions are inaccurate. We believe the global supply chain challenges and their adverse impact on our business and financial results will persist through calendar year 2024. We expect these con…
Shell cwd was reset to /Users/owenwassmer/dev/Slope_Sparse_Events/.claude/worktrees/step-5c-channels