324871 bytes
98215
EX-10 3 ex10-45.htm BUSINESS FINANCING AGREEMENT ex10-45 Exhibit 10.45 BUSINESS FINANCING AGREEMENT Borrower: CHROMADEX CORPORATION,a Delaware corporation CHROMADEX, INC., a California corporation CHROMADEX ANALYTICS, INC., a Nevada corporation HEALTHSPAN RESEARCH LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 10900 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 650Los Angeles, CA 90024 Lender: WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizon
  [judgment]  or rescinded within ten (10) days, or if Borrower is enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing to conduct all or any material part of its business affairs, or if a judgment or other claim becomes a lien or encumbrance upon any material portion of Borrower’s assets, or if a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed of record with respect to any of Borrower’s assets by the United States Government, or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, or by any state, county, municipal, or governmental agency, and 

  [judgment] ent for the benefit of creditors. (f) Receivers . A receiver or similar official is appointed for a substantial portion of Borrower’s (or any guarantor’s) business, or the business is terminated. (g) Judgments . Any judgments or arbitration awards are entered against Borrower (or any guarantor), or Borrower (or any guarantor) enters into any settlement agreements with respect to any litigation or arbitration and the aggregate amount of all such judgments, awards, and agreements exceeds Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) to the extent not covered 

  [Events of Default] f an Event of Default, all of the power of attorney rights granted by Borrower to Lender hereunder shall be applicable with respect to all Receivables and all Collateral. 7. DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. 7.1 Events of Default . The occurrence of any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder. (a) Failure to Pay . Borrower fails to make a payment when due under this Agreement. (b) Lien Priority . Lender fails to have an enforceable first lien (except for Permitted Liens) on or a security interest in the Collateral. (c) False Information 

  [cross] se change occurs in Borrower’s (or any guarantor’s) business condition (financial or otherwise), operations, or properties, or ability to repay the credit extended by Lender under this Agreement. (i) Cross-default . Any default occurs under any agreement in connection with any indebtedness Borrower (or any guarantor) or any of Borrower’s Affiliates has obtained from anyone else or which Borrower (or any guarantor) or any of Borrower’s Affiliates has guaranteed in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), the result of which gives the 

  [Material Adverse] in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except to the extent that any failure to remain so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower, taken as a whole, or a material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Lender’s Lien on the Collateral. 3.3 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized, and does not conflict with Borrower’s organizational documents, nor c

  [Material Adverse] t that any failure to remain so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower, taken as a whole, or a material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Lender’s Lien on the Collateral. 3.3 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized, and does not conflict with Borrower’s organizational documents, nor constitute an Event of Default under any material agreement by which Borrower is bound. Borrower is not in default u

  [litigation] ash receipts journals, and such other matters as Lender may reasonably request. (i) Prompt reports of any material updates (as information becomes available to Borrower) in connection with Borrower’s litigation matters. (j) Promptly upon Lender’s request, such other financial information, books, records, statements, lists of property and accounts, budgets, forecasts or reports as to Borrower and as to each guarantor of Borrower’s obligations to Lender as Lender may request, including without limitation, invoices, purchase orders, proof of delivery, and a

  [litigation] rminated. (g) Judgments . Any judgments or arbitration awards are entered against Borrower (or any guarantor), or Borrower (or any guarantor) enters into any settlement agreements with respect to any litigation or arbitration and the aggregate amount of all such judgments, awards, and agreements exceeds Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) to the extent not covered by insurance. -8- (h) Material Adverse Change . A material adverse change occurs in Borrower’s (or any guarantor’s) business condition (financial or otherwise), operations, or properties, 

  [Lender may] t Lender make an Advance by delivering to Lender an Advance Request therefor and Lender shall be entitled to rely on all the information provided by Borrower to Lender on or with the Advance Request. Lender may honor Advance Requests, instructions or repayments given by Borrower (if an individual) or by any Authorized Person. So long as all of the conditions for an Advance set forth herein have been satisfied, Lender shall fund such Advance into Borrower’s Account within one business day of Lender’s receipt of the applicable Advance Request. (c) Due Dili

  [Lender may] aisal on Borrower’s Inventory once every twelve (12) months or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, more frequently at Lender’s sole discretion, in each case at Borrower’s expense. Lender may at any time and from time to time contact Account Debtors and other persons obligated or knowledgeable in respect of Receivables to confirm the Receivable Amount of such Receivables, to determine whether Receivables constitute Eligible Receivables, and for any other purpose in connection with this Agreement. If any of the Collateral or Borrower’s