######## notes_2022_ex41.txt (352520 chars)
[Fundamental Change Repurchase Date] …ash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise). “ Redemption Dates ” means, collectively, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and the Optional Redemption Date, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Date. “ Redemption Prices ” means, collectively, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the Optional Redemption Price, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Price. “ Registration Rights Agreement ” means the Re…
[Section 7\.01] … Interest; Special Interest. 41 Section 5.19 Economic Sanctions. 41 ARTICLE 6. CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALE OF ASSETS 41 Section 6.01 When Company May Merge, Etc. 41 Section 6.02 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. 42 Section 6.03 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee. 42 ARTICLE 7. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 43 Section 7.01 Events of Default. 43 Section 7.02 Acceleration. 44 Section 7.03 Other Remedies. 45 Section 7.04 Waiver of Past Defaults. 46 Section 7.05 Control by Majority. 46 Section 7.06 Limitation on Suits. 46 Section 7.07 Unconditional Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment. 46 Section 7.08 Collection Suit by Trustee. 47…
[\(i\) a final judgment] … Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates $2.5 million or more, in any such case, after notice to the Company by the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class; (i) a final judgment or final judgments for the payment of money are entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and such judgment or judgments remain undischarged, unpaid or unstayed for a period (during which execution shall not be effectively stayed) of 60 days, provided that th…
[notice of default] … Claim. 47 Section 7.10 Priorities. 47 Section 7.11 Undertaking for Costs. 48 Section 7.12 Waiver of Stay or Extension of Laws. 48 ARTICLE 8. TRUSTEE 48 Section 8.01 Duties of Trustee. 48 Section 8.02 Rights of Trustee. 49 Section 8.03 Individual Rights of Trustee. 51 Section 8.04 Trustee’s Disclaimer. 51 Section 8.05 Notice of Defaults. 51 Section 8.06 Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Notes. 52 Section 8.07 Compensation and Indemnity. 52 ii Section 8.08 Replacement of Trustee. 53 Section 8.09 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. 53 Section 8.10 Eligibility; Disqualification. 54 Section 8.11 Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company. 54 ART…
[Nevada|Delaware corporation] …n 17.15 Severability. 91 Section 17.16 Counterpart Originals. 91 Section 17.17 Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 91 Section 17.18 Force Majeure. 91 Section 17.19 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 91 Exhibit A – FORM OF NOTE A-1 iv INDENTURE dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any successors or assigns) , the Guarantor (as defined below), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as Trustee . The Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of t…

######## 424b5_0523.txt (163286 chars)
[reverse (stock )?split] … an additional 180 calendar days for the Company to regain compliance with Bid Price Requirement expiring October 21, 2024. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and consider available options to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement which could include seeking to effect a reverse stock split. The closing price of our common stock was $0.14 on May 21, 2024. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement by the October 21, 2024 deadline. Our inability to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement would materially impair our ability to raise capital. Moreover, i…
[authorized] … supplement and the accompanying base prospectus are an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. We are not making offers to sell or solicitations to buy our common stock in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making that offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying base prospectus or the information incorporated by reference with an earlier date, …
[authorized] … information incorporated by reference with an earlier date, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement, together with the base prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus and any free writing prospectus we have authorized for use in connection with this offering include all material information relating to this offering. We have not, and the placement agent has not, authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information and you must not rely on any unauthorized information or representations. You should assume that t…
[stockholder approval] …currently issued and outstanding shares (including the securities sold in this offering) and shares reserved for future issuance, we effectively have 3.0 million available unissued and unreserved authorized shares to meet the needs of our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary stockholder approval to increase our authorized shares of common stock under our Certificate of Incorporation in the future, and therefore, we may continue to be limited in the shares of common stock we may issue. Absent an increase in the shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our Certificate of Incorporation, we will be li…

######## 10q_0513.txt (135358 chars)
[Nevada|incorporated in] …iness, financial condition or results of operations and prospects. Except for the matters described under “Litigation, Claims and Assessments” in “Note 14. – Commitments and Contingencies” of the condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which description is incorporated in this “Item 1. Legal Proceedings” by reference, we are currently not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. In addition to…
[CHIPS] … We also offer back end semiconductor supply chain services through our wholly owned subsidiary, GDSI, which we acquired in January 2023. We own and/or have filed applications for patents on the core resonator device technology, manufacturing facility and intellectual property (“IP”) necessary to produce our RF filter chips and operate as a “pure-play” RF filter supplier, providing discrete filter solutions direct to Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”) and aligning with the front- end module manufacturers that seek to acquire high performance filters to expand their module businesses. We believe this business model is the most dire…

######## jpm_credit_2021.txt (57492 chars)
[set ?off|setoff] …to incur any Liabilities; (b) terminate any commitment of the Bank evidenced by any of the Notes; (c) declare any of the Notes to be immediately due and payable, without notice of acceleration, presentment and demand or protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived; (d) exercise all rights of setoff ; and (e) exercise any and all other rights pursuant to any of the Related Documents. A. Generally. The rights of the Bank under this agreement and the other Related Documents are in addition to other rights (including without limitation, other rights of setoff) the Bank may have contractually, by law, in equity or ot…
[set ?off|setoff] …h are hereby expressly waived; (d) exercise all rights of setoff ; and (e) exercise any and all other rights pursuant to any of the Related Documents. A. Generally. The rights of the Bank under this agreement and the other Related Documents are in addition to other rights (including without limitation, other rights of setoff) the Bank may have contractually, by law, in equity or otherwise, all of which are cumulative and hereby retained by the Bank. Each Obligor agrees to stand still with regard to the Bank's enforcement of its rights, including taking no action to delay, impede or otherwise interfere with the Bank's rights to realize on …
[garnishment] …der any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, or similar laws against any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries and remain undismissed for sixty (60) days after commencement; or any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries consents to the commencement of those proceedings. K. Any attachment, seizure, sequestration, levy, or garnishment is issued against any Property of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any Collateral. L. Any individual Obligor dies, or a guardian or conservator is appointed for any individual Obligor or all or any portion of their respective Property, or the Collateral. M. Any material adverse change occurs in: (i) the Prope…
[pledge] …kruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding, and all renewals, extensions, modifications, consolidations, rearrangements, restatements, replacements or substitutions of any of the foregoing. K. " Lien " means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, charge, encumbrance, security interest, collateral assignment or other lien or restriction of any kind. L. " Notes " means all promissory notes, instruments and/or contracts now or hereafter evidencing the Credit Facilities. M. " Obligor " means any Borrower, guarantor, surety, co-signer, endorser, general partner or…
[pledge] …sents otherwise, (e) such acquisition is not a hostile or contested acquisition, (f) the Borrower (i) has executed and delivered, or caused to be executed and delivered, such documentation or other instruments (including, without limitation, authorizing documents described in Section 3.1 D. below, security agreements, pledge agreements, control agreements and/or guarantees) and (ii) taken, or authorized the Bank to take on its behalf, all actions (including, without limitation, the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents in connection with such acquisition), in each case…
[release] …k. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, the Bank may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all of any portion of its rights under this agreement to secure obligations of the Bank to a Federal Reserve Bank or a Federal Home Loan Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release the Bank from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Bank as a party hereto. 8.13 Marketing Consent. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank, at Bank's sole expense, and without any prior approval by or compensation to the Borrower, to include the Borrower's name and logo i…
[release] …lities; and (f) any defense based on or arising out of any defense that the Borrower may have to the payment or performance of the Liabilities or any portion thereof. Each Obligor consents to any extension or postponement of time of its payment without limit as to the number or period, to any substitution, exchange or release of all or any part of any Collateral, to the addition of any other party, and to the release or discharge of, or suspension of any rights and remedies against, any Obligor. 10 8.15 Confidentiality. The Bank agrees that it will treat information provided by the Borrower or its representatives to the Bank (the " Informa…

######## jpm_note_2024.txt (20128 chars)
[January 31, 2025|maturity] …EX-10.1 2 tm2427918d1_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 Exhibit 10.1 Line of Credit Note $5,000,000.00 Date: November 6, 2024 Promise to Pay. On or before January 31, 2025, for value received, Charles & Colvard, Ltd. (the "Borrower") promises to pay to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., whose address is 2000 Regency Pkwy, Floor 04, Cary, NC 27518-8506 (the "Bank") or order, in lawful money of the United States of America, the sum of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) or so much the…
[January 31, 2025|maturity] …cipal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days at the "Adjusted SOFR Rate" (the "Note Rate") and at the rate of 3.00% Per Annum above the Note Rate, at the Bank's option, upon the occurrence of any default under this Note, whether or not the Bank elects to accelerate the maturity of this Note, from the date such increased rate is imposed by the Bank. Definitions. As used in this Note, the following terms have the following respective meanings: "Adjusted SOFR Rate" means, with respect to a SOFR Rate advance for the relevant Interest Period, the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin, plus (b) the SOF…
[collateral|deposit account] … of the Liabilities evidenced by the Prior Note and the Prior Related Documents, or of the actions or omissions of any Bank Party in any manner related to the Liabilities evidenced by the Prior Note or the Prior Related Documents and (ii) arising from events occurring prior to the date of this Note. If applicable, all Collateral continues to secure the payment of this Note and the Liabilities. The provisions of this Note are effective on October 31, 2024. Miscellaneous. This Note binds the Borrower and its successors, and benefits the Bank, its successors and assigns. Any reference to the Bank includes any holder of this Note. This Note is su…

######## supply_2014.txt (10330 chars)