######## 424b5_0523.txt: 25 hits
  …ng our financial condition and prospects and may negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of the verdict on our business, results of operations, and financial condition; however, in the absence of additional financing, we may be required to curtail or cease operations and/or seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws. ● Our failure to meet the minimum bid price for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in our delisting and adversely affect our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock. ● Servicing and repaying the debt represented by the $44.0 million aggregate …
  …investment you may make in our securities. If we are unsuccessful in the resolution of our litigation with Qorvo Inc., our business may be materially harmed or fundamentally changed, and we may be required to take actions to reorganize, discontinue or liquidate part or all of our operations, and/or seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws. On May 17, 2024, after a trial in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in the matter of Qorvo Inc. vs. Akoustis Technologies, Inc. DE Case 1:21-cv-01417-JPM (the “Qorvo Litigation”), a jury verdict was entered in favor of plaintiff, Qorvo Inc. (“Qorvo”), and against the Company. Although several of Qorvo’s claims were either withdrawn or dismissed…
  …. Qorvo may seek an award of attorneys’ fees. The verdict and recovery of damages is subject to customary post-trial motions and potential appeals. While we cannot currently determine the ultimate liability pursuant to this verdict, if we are unable to reduce the verdict prior to the rendering of a final judgment by the court or to reach a reasonable settlement with Qorvo and depending on any equitable relief granted, we would be liable to pay substantial damages in excess of our liquid assets. Any or all of the foregoing would materially harm our business, fundamentally change our business, and could result in our being required to take actions to discontinue operations or liquidate part or all of our op…
  …ertificate of Incorporation, we will be limited to non-equity financing structures in the event additional financing is required. Such alternative structures may be less favorable or unavailable in which case we may be forced to forego business opportunities or engage in restructuring activities or curtail or cease operations due to lack of funding. Additionally, the terms of our 6.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 impose certain limitations on our ability to incur additional debt obligations. In addition, we will be significantly limited in our ability to grant equity awards to recruit new employees and to compensate existing employees, which would put us at a significant disadvantage to other …
  …duce our operating cash flow burn. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financings on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, we may be forced to undertake additional measures, which may include delaying or reducing our R&D plan and/or manufacturing and sales activities, materially curtailing or eliminating our operations, selling or disposing of our rights or assets, pursuing sale or other strategic transactions, or undergoing restructuring or insolvency proceedings. Factors that could limit our ability to raise additional capital after this offering include, among other matters: ● the expectation that we will continue to incur losses and generate negative cash flows from operatio…

######## 8k_0520.txt: 2 hits
  … condition and prospects and may negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of the verdict on our business, results of operations, and financial condition; however, in the absence of the receipt of additional financing, we will be required to curtail or cease operations and/or seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, that are intended to be covered by the “safe harbor” created by those…

######## 8k_0522.txt: 0 hits

######## 8k_0522_ex991.txt: 1 hits
  …her operating frequencies and higher output power compared to legacy polycrystalline BAW technology. The Company utilizes its proprietary and patented XBAW ® manufacturing process to produce bulk acoustic wave RF filters for mobile and other wireless markets, which facilitate signal acquisition and accelerate band performance between the antenna and digital back end. Superior performance is driven by the significant advances of poly-crystal, single-crystal, and other high purity piezoelectric materials and the resonator-filter process technology which enables optimal trade-offs between critical power, frequency and bandwidth performance specifications. Akoustis plans to service the fast growing multi…

######## 8k_0522_ex992.txt: 1 hits
  …her operating frequencies and higher output power compared to legacy polycrystalline BAW technology. The Company utilizes its proprietary and patented XBAW ® manufacturing process to produce bulk acoustic wave RF filters for mobile and other wireless markets, which facilitate signal acquisition and accelerate band performance between the antenna and digital back end. Superior performance is driven by the significant advances of poly-crystal, single-crystal, and other high purity piezoelectric materials and the resonator-filter process technology which enables optimal trade-offs between critical power, frequency and bandwidth performance specifications. Akoustis plans to service the fast growing multi…

######## 424b3_0524.txt: 2 hits
  …rding Qorvo approximately $38.6 million in damages. If we are unable to raise capital or secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the near term to meet our capital and operating needs, we may be forced to further delay, reduce or eliminate our operating activities, or cease operations and seek protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could cause you to lose all of your investment. ● Our failure to meet the minimum bid price for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market could adversely affect our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock. ● …
  …1 ● persons who hold or receive our common stock pursuant to the exercise of any option, warrant, or similar derivative security or otherwise as compensation; ● persons who hold our common stock and have a function currency other than the U.S. dollar; ● persons who hold our common stock required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to such security, as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement; and ● tax-deferred or other retirement accounts and pension plans. If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership or other entities or arrangements that are pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our common stoc…